skovacsdw,M,France,Luxembourgish,,
ccharnockdx,M,Kyrgyzstan,Hiri Motu,Indonesian,Polish
pleamydy,F,Ecuador,Dhivehi,,
lswiresdz,F,Madagascar,Kannada,,
kstaninge0,M,China,Swahili,,
mtwiddlee1,M,Brazil,Dutch,Georgian,Hebrew
clarmoure2,F,Sweden,Lithuanian,,
bkuhnerte3,M,Poland,Estonian,,
scrawe4,F,Russia,Pashto,,
bormondee5,M,China,Nepali,Afrikaans,Kazakh
llowthere6,M,Georgia,Greek,Dzongkha,Assamese
wpessele7,M,Sweden,Dutch,Armenian,
ggaigere8,M,Saudi Arabia,Hebrew,,
lboughtflowere9,F,Brazil,Nepali,Burmese,
pdampea,F,China,Croatian,Icelandic,Estonian
dprettieb,M,Niger,Northern Sotho,Kazakh,Dhivehi
fantcliffeec,M,China,Macedonian,Somali,
zogilvieed,F,Dominican Republic,Montenegrin,,
obastieee,M,China,Spanish,,
zbaylyef,M,Albania,Aymara,,
rgregoreg,F,Indonesia,Tamil,French,
jaskereh,M,Russia,Dutch,Filipino,Bulgarian
pklaffsei,F,Thailand,Lithuanian,Dhivehi,
abridgewaterej,F,Bosnia and Herzegovina,Kyrgyz,Korean,Amharic
bfennelowek,M,Philippines,Dzongkha,,
ospoffordel,M,China,Dzongkha,,
dspurettem,F,Serbia,Indonesian,Latvian,
pslaynyen,M,Syria,Tswana,,
msnapeeo,F,China,Danish,Estonian,
tholdep,F,Indonesia,Haitian Creole,,
esowleyeq,M,Belarus,Luxembourgish,Tetum,
bhafnerer,M,Philippines,Thai,Croatian,
crudrames,M,Portugal,Afrikaans,,
acapellet,F,Ecuador,Punjabi,Maori,
ncoltherdeu,F,Serbia,Azeri,,
kbeetlestoneev,F,United States,Malagasy,Zulu,Nepali
jdriscollew,F,China,Greek,,
ahodcroftex,M,Brazil,Portuguese,,
hdavydkovey,M,Czech Republic,Yiddish,,
twoodroughez,F,Philippines,Marathi,,
gdearanf0,F,Japan,Swahili,,
lworsleyf1,M,Argentina,Kurdish,Tswana,
jdasparf2,M,Portugal,Punjabi,,
dsecombef3,F,Brazil,West Frisian,,
hmastermanf4,F,China,Somali,Croatian,
dvergof5,F,Reunion,Hindi,Tetum,
mflaxmanf6,M,China,Italian,Maori,
jmacailinef7,M,France,Gujarati,,
jhowsamf8,F,Canada,Indonesian,New Zealand Sign Language,
tknightsf9,F,Portugal,New Zealand Sign Language,,
gbirkinfa,M,Philippines,German,Oriya,
bhymasfb,M,Philippines,Khmer,Bulgarian,
tbastickfc,M,Czech Republic,Greek,,
orenackownafd,M,Brazil,Bosnian,Korean,
ethorneloefe,F,Philippines,Hungarian,Hebrew,
mdearmanff,M,China,Haitian Creole,Indonesian,
cprobatfg,F,Peru,Bosnian,Azeri,
oonionsfh,F,Indonesia,Papiamento,Montenegrin,Korean
lempsfi,M,France,Malayalam,,
cchopinfj,M,China,Kyrgyz,,
hcominsfk,F,China,Kurdish,Haitian Creole,Marathi
gmattiazzifl,M,China,Swedish,Haitian Creole,
bnisefm,F,Indonesia,Somali,Lao,
bhusbandfn,F,Peru,Somali,,
hjallinfo,F,Indonesia,Gagauz,Guaran¡,
clodinfp,M,Democratic Republic of the Congo,Tamil,Arabic,
cmanwaringfq,M,Palestinian Territory,Amharic,,
eleanfr,M,France,Czech,Icelandic,Armenian
bhansellfs,F,Poland,Kurdish,,
coxherdft,M,China,Norwegian,Swedish,
sliverockfu,M,Indonesia,Marathi,Estonian,
lfrancescofv,M,Sweden,Armenian,Nepali,
ndelphfw,F,Germany,Marathi,,
purlingfx,F,Brazil,Moldovan,Swahili,Filipino
csunmanfy,M,Slovenia,Irish Gaelic,Japanese,
dlittlecotefz,M,Argentina,Montenegrin,,
lhuckerbeg0,F,Serbia,Georgian,Mongolian,Dzongkha
gortsg1,M,Russia,Lithuanian,,
cdowseg2,M,Bolivia,Malagasy,Tsonga,Dhivehi
gflanng3,F,Egypt,Hiri Motu,Dari,
jantoniettig4,M,Madagascar,Papiamento,Spanish,
tespinayg5,F,China,English,Greek,
rgonnelg6,F,China,Montenegrin,Kannada,
nbeang7,F,Japan,Quechua,Indonesian,
lbidewellg8,M,Indonesia,Malayalam,Swedish,Quechua
gsharplesg9,F,Norway,Sotho,Bislama,
wscrimgeourga,M,Indonesia,Swedish,Mongolian,
kgerglergb,F,Pakistan,Burmese,Gagauz,
ddobrowolskigc,M,Colombia,Georgian,Pashto,Haitian Creole
tbarnshawgd,F,China,Greek,Lithuanian,
dbarnevillege,F,Finland,Thai,Spanish,French
mstarrsgf,M,Netherlands,Belarusian,Mongolian,
cjennrichgg,M,Portugal,Indonesian,,
libbottgh,F,Russia,Kannada,Chinese,
kmattiazzogi,F,Namibia,Estonian,Swati,Papiamento
jcorradigj,M,Russia,Polish,Papiamento,
gmcgoochgk,M,Pakistan,Punjabi,Haitian Creole,
velsaygl,M,Portugal,Maori,,
mgerardingm,M,China,New Zealand Sign Language,Bulgarian,
tprimakgn,M,Indonesia,Malagasy,Finnish,Tsonga
jheindrichgo,F,China,Bengali,Tamil,
adellegp,F,South Africa,Armenian,,
afiggengq,M,Bosnia and Herzegovina,Spanish,Macedonian,Bulgarian
acrispingr,M,Japan,Telugu,,
dtrytsmangs,F,Afghanistan,Malayalam,Maltese,
amonktongt,M,Malaysia,Gagauz,Nepali,
dbrookegu,M,China,Haitian Creole,,
lfairbankgv,M,Serbia,Hebrew,Bosnian,
ynewrickgw,F,Yemen,Moldovan,,
dosbourngx,M,Indonesia,Bosnian,,
mciciarigy,M,Sweden,Malagasy,,
dpileticgz,M,Indonesia,Korean,,
sharwickh0,M,China,Spanish,Gagauz,Portuguese
hmamwellh1,M,Poland,Swati,Marathi,
fharsesh2,M,Canada,Italian,,
bswaith3,M,China,Finnish,,
drohlfsh4,F,Brazil,Belarusian,,
dcollinsh5,M,Philippines,Malagasy,,
ablackmanh6,M,France,Somali,Tok Pisin,
mviveashh7,M,Philippines,Moldovan,Chinese,
aohernh8,M,Indonesia,New Zealand Sign Language,Lao,
bwraithh9,F,Poland,Northern Sotho,Afrikaans,
ourvoyha,M,Angola,Sotho,Yiddish,
gbaskerfieldhb,M,China,Haitian Creole,Filipino,
smccliffertyhc,F,South Korea,Kyrgyz,Afrikaans,Yiddish
byorkhd,F,Colombia,Hiri Motu,Assamese,
adukesburyhe,M,China,Filipino,,
zmurdenhf,F,Brazil,Estonian,Aymara,
balkinshg,F,Albania,Czech,Quechua,
woliphardhh,F,Philippines,Hebrew,,
nsodeauhi,F,France,Estonian,,
gjoiscehj,M,Indonesia,Romanian,,
ztamblinghk,F,Poland,Afrikaans,,
gavisonhl,F,Argentina,Romanian,Gagauz,
rboghm,M,Colombia,Ndebele,,
egurkohn,M,Philippines,Kannada,Fijian,
gticeho,F,Indonesia,Danish,Telugu,Chinese
jchadwellhp,M,China,Guaran¡,Tok Pisin,
ctullochhq,M,China,Romanian,Estonian,
jhartehr,M,France,Portuguese,Punjabi,
fnormanvillehs,M,Saint Kitts and Nevis,Hindi,Ndebele,
dblackboroughht,F,Indonesia,Arabic,,
skoeppkehu,F,Brazil,Polish,,
mogavenhv,M,Philippines,Hindi,,
fomulderrighw,F,China,Dzongkha,Albanian,
ngegayhx,F,Indonesia,Zulu,,
callenbyhy,F,Guatemala,Kannada,,
rdelafonthz,F,Croatia,Guaran¡,,
dbillingtoni0,M,Indonesia,Thai,,
aspoori1,F,Poland,Quechua,Sotho,
wcrocombei2,F,United States,Belarusian,Romanian,
epickburni3,M,Sweden,Maltese,,
mblebyi4,F,Honduras,Romanian,Chinese,
tdoyi5,F,Slovenia,Swahili,Maori,
cdoppleri6,M,Nigeria,Swahili,Bulgarian,Pashto
mdiluciai7,M,China,Tok Pisin,Estonian,
ecrometti8,M,Guatemala,German,,
lgrinnelli9,F,China,Maori,Czech,
gbodeia,F,Canada,French,Italian,
jtennetib,M,Madagascar,Danish,Dutch,
kbellinghamic,F,Jamaica,Gagauz,,
rclelandid,F,China,Bulgarian,,
gbearhamie,M,China,Gagauz,,
rcorrettif,F,Brazil,Icelandic,Tetum,
eyakunkinig,F,Philippines,Swati,Korean,
bsieurih,M,Indonesia,Maltese,Polish,
ujordesonii,F,Afghanistan,Moldovan,Assamese,
bhazeldineij,F,Greece,Croatian,Spanish,
olopesik,M,Ukraine,Hiri Motu,,
fthreshil,M,China,Bosnian,Italian,
rdebernardiim,F,China,Tajik,,
afrugierin,F,China,Lao,New Zealand Sign Language,Tswana
aberrymanio,F,Russia,Polish,Kyrgyz,
sbridgmanip,F,China,Tsonga,Kannada,
vabeauiq,M,Hungary,Dzongkha,Aymara,
rtrounsonir,M,South Africa,Bosnian,Georgian,
npinsentis,F,China,Somali,Tok Pisin,
acarvilleit,M,France,English,Belarusian,
gpulequeiu,F,Palestinian Territory,Tajik,,
fdawidsohniv,M,Albania,Tetum,,
ffearbyiw,F,Ethiopia,Belarusian,Aymara,
ghogbourneix,F,Portugal,Dzongkha,Tamil,
kcarlosiy,M,Philippines,Czech,Japanese,
ekrochmanniz,M,China,Khmer,Punjabi,Sotho
alanghorj0,M,Russia,Zulu,,
lhessej1,F,Poland,Danish,Filipino,
rgiamuzzoj2,M,Serbia,Dari,Hebrew,
diacobaccij3,F,China,Swati,,
lcruikshankj4,M,Brazil,Punjabi,New Zealand Sign Language,
rtoffanoj5,F,China,Dari,Mongolian,Lithuanian
rjosskovitzj6,M,Poland,Dzongkha,Malay,
nfabryj7,F,China,Armenian,Gagauz,
gshearnj8,F,Peru,Kurdish,Irish Gaelic,Tswana
cfawloej9,M,Russia,Guaran¡,,
gcrannellja,M,Sweden,Bulgarian,,
ngeddisjb,F,Angola,Papiamento,,
kcoolbearjc,M,Indonesia,Fijian,,
tsurphlissjd,M,Portugal,Italian,,
cmorpethje,M,Russia,Bulgarian,Spanish,Aymara
cbaldellijf,F,Indonesia,Kurdish,Czech,
hridgewelljg,M,Portugal,Montenegrin,Northern Sotho,
mdewanjh,M,Afghanistan,Georgian,,
gcaplinji,F,Vietnam,Telugu,Georgian,
jcomerfordjj,M,Thailand,Burmese,Gujarati,
twithamsjk,M,Indonesia,Zulu,Thai,Norwegian
khitchensjl,F,China,Fijian,,
jleitherjm,F,Myanmar,English,Moldovan,
cbigmorejn,F,China,Hindi,,
bolmanjo,F,Russia,Kyrgyz,Bulgarian,Lithuanian
aferrettinojp,F,Czech Republic,Italian,,
abullockejq,M,United States,Finnish,Tok Pisin,
mstrephanjr,M,Spain,Irish Gaelic,,
bbowderyjs,F,Sweden,Indonesian,,
gburfieldjt,F,Thailand,Oriya,,
kshamaju,F,Portugal,Tsonga,Greek,
mlagejv,M,Indonesia,Yiddish,Tajik,Persian
koldroydejw,M,China,Marathi,,
kklasenjx,F,Argentina,Filipino,,
clongworthyjy,F,Czech Republic,Bosnian,Kurdish,Dutch
rthynnejz,M,Brazil,Bislama,Haitian Creole,
tespinok0,M,Germany,Hindi,Bosnian,Danish
ssedgek1,F,France,Catalan,Norwegian,Hebrew
sdevilk2,M,China,Tajik,Romanian,
elacerk3,F,China,Haitian Creole,Dutch,
gkleinfeldk4,F,Albania,Dzongkha,Polish,Chinese
ypanterk5,M,China,Burmese,Kazakh,
evliesk6,F,Portugal,Romanian,Chinese,
vpepperdk7,F,Guatemala,Romanian,Marathi,
cmackailek8,F,Ukraine,Kashmiri,Thai,
wricholdk9,F,Ukraine,Georgian,,
gbrazerka,F,Poland,Fijian,,
rsavilkb,M,Nicaragua,Tsonga,Assamese,
ckernankc,M,Jordan,Papiamento,Hindi,Malayalam
rmcwilliamkd,F,France,Assamese,Haitian Creole,
aeskellke,F,Indonesia,Dzongkha,,
gmacfadyenkf,M,Czech Republic,Malayalam,,
fstruijskg,M,Georgia,Catalan,Nepali,
akimberleykh,M,Poland,Swahili,Irish Gaelic,
hcordallki,F,Indonesia,Hiri Motu,,
bwhottonkj,M,Indonesia,Hiri Motu,,
kblakemorekk,F,Philippines,Belarusian,Portuguese,
rjellimankl,F,Iran,Korean,Irish Gaelic,
ncampeykm,M,Finland,Dzongkha,Czech,
aglyssannekn,M,Russia,Macedonian,,
amarkwellko,M,Indonesia,Papiamento,West Frisian,Northern Sotho
gdurhamkp,M,France,Norwegian,,
jabilowitzkq,F,Indonesia,Arabic,Bengali,
lbalassikr,F,Zimbabwe,Filipino,Arabic,French
plarchierks,M,Panama,Lithuanian,,
ddoumerquekt,M,China,Kyrgyz,Azeri,Croatian
scutfordku,M,Brazil,Somali,Fijian,Hebrew
msmidmorekv,M,Chad,Tetum,,
mhylandskw,M,Indonesia,Tamil,Marathi,
vboulstridgekx,M,Vietnam,Bulgarian,Gagauz,
rmacgibbonky,F,Russia,Afrikaans,Papiamento,
tjohantgeskz,M,China,Bulgarian,,
glapthornel0,F,Indonesia,Kashmiri,Punjabi,
mstokeyl1,F,Japan,Spanish,Swati,
aarnleyl2,M,Colombia,Estonian,Malayalam,
jmauricel3,M,Brazil,Swedish,Arabic,
rbenckl4,F,Italy,Azeri,German,Afrikaans
kzanicchil5,M,China,Telugu,,
atourmelll6,F,Portugal,Dari,Kyrgyz,
kwishkarl7,M,Malaysia,Kazakh,,
hbirtchnelll8,F,China,Kashmiri,Swedish,
ccricketl9,M,China,Tamil,Ndebele,Finnish
rasherla,F,Micronesia,Tok Pisin,Polish,Arabic
vtottmanlb,F,Cuba,Catalan,Hiri Motu,
kpigeramlc,M,Russia,Montenegrin,,
ebottrellld,M,China,Oriya,Romanian,
msoonhousele,M,Indonesia,Telugu,Lithuanian,
ainglebylf,M,Czech Republic,Arabic,,
tpalleylg,M,Philippines,Japanese,Khmer,
crozanskilh,F,Germany,Fijian,Mongolian,Georgian
ikearnli,M,France,Albanian,,
shallanlj,F,Canada,Aymara,Tswana,
npeachamlk,M,Indonesia,Swedish,Indonesian,
jklimshukll,F,China,Persian,,
fallamlm,M,Greece,Bengali,Finnish,
rstrafenln,F,Costa Rica,Dari,Marathi,
jwayelo,M,Russia,Yiddish,Georgian,
rmckerronlp,M,Egypt,Bosnian,,
mambergerlq,M,China,German,Czech,
orosberglr,F,France,Japanese,Fijian,Croatian
xbrownsmithls,M,China,Northern Sotho,Tetum,
ssmithendlt,M,China,Somali,Azeri,
atalelu,F,Japan,Hebrew,Nepali,Catalan
lleacylv,M,China,Nepali,Kashmiri,Oriya
stomblettlw,F,China,Swedish,,
bgortonlx,F,China,Dhivehi,Marathi,
ibartotly,M,China,Albanian,Fijian,Tajik
svansalzbergerlz,M,Portugal,Oriya,,
rrickersym0,M,Puerto Rico,English,Kannada,
ateissierm1,M,Russia,Moldovan,Fijian,
hevittm2,M,Indonesia,Hebrew,,
cjerroldm3,M,Indonesia,Marathi,Burmese,
rgilardengom4,M,China,Polish,Dari,
cmcinerneym5,F,Nigeria,Aymara,Hiri Motu,
bcansdallm6,F,Portugal,Tetum,Maori,
yfrigoutm7,M,Russia,Pashto,Azeri,Maltese
cionsm8,M,China,Hungarian,Tamil,
akobpacm9,M,Indonesia,Somali,Bulgarian,
dhoysma,F,Sweden,Aymara,Persian,Belarusian
kgaughanmb,M,Brazil,Dhivehi,Hiri Motu,
ccudiffmc,M,Philippines,Tok Pisin,Malagasy,
ctuffreymd,M,Cuba,Amharic,,
dsalzbergme,M,Brazil,Swati,,
trivettmf,F,China,Belarusian,Dutch,
dphifermg,M,China,Tajik,Kashmiri,Spanish
bgregoracemh,F,China,Afrikaans,,
cmerrissonmi,F,Indonesia,Romanian,,
rmcleviemj,F,Ireland,Greek,Papiamento,
fmoreymk,F,Indonesia,Arabic,Malagasy,Hebrew
bhartiganml,F,United States,Latvian,,
ckremermm,F,Brazil,New Zealand Sign Language,,
gcademn,F,Indonesia,English,Burmese,
lfidelusmo,F,Philippines,Portuguese,,
ahartridgemp,F,Philippines,Oriya,Bosnian,
jbrockwaymq,F,Japan,Papiamento,,
jgametmr,F,Lithuania,Punjabi,,
tolderms,M,Iran,Malagasy,,
khughesmt,F,Argentina,Azeri,Quechua,
hstuddemu,M,China,Montenegrin,Kurdish,Albanian
galtenmv,F,Russia,English,Malagasy,
ktittmw,M,France,Korean,Estonian,Icelandic
fbleezemx,F,Peru,Dhivehi,,
dmcfadinmy,F,China,Fijian,Polish,Tsonga
ndufermz,M,Indonesia,French,Swedish,
aabbien0,F,Indonesia,Ndebele,Thai,
mfarndonn1,F,United States,Thai,Czech,
jwonforn2,M,China,Belarusian,Kannada,
rwillwoodn3,M,Nigeria,Lao,Bulgarian,
gbrean4,F,United States,Haitian Creole,,
bstovingn5,M,Greece,Montenegrin,Croatian,Italian
btolern6,F,Poland,Dhivehi,Tok Pisin,
nsurgeonern7,M,Sweden,English,,
crigardeaun8,F,China,Mongolian,,
jchopinn9,F,Afghanistan,Croatian,Ndebele,
mmesnardna,F,Colombia,Macedonian,Catalan,Luxembourgish
smachostienb,M,Nicaragua,Telugu,,
eashdownnc,F,Greece,Filipino,Somali,
bvanderveldtnd,M,Norway,Malagasy,Spanish,Greek
wgrennanne,M,Ireland,Chinese,Papiamento,
bclaybournenf,F,Saudi Arabia,Afrikaans,Norwegian,
sethingtonng,F,Philippines,Maori,West Frisian,
wmayworthnh,M,Indonesia,Latvian,,
csooperni,M,Portugal,Maori,Malagasy,
ewescottnj,F,China,Dari,Dutch,
jcalwaynk,F,China,Yiddish,Swedish,
aastupenasnl,F,Philippines,Hebrew,Tamil,
schenerynm,M,Finland,Georgian,Mongolian,
ugubbinnn,F,China,Pashto,,
ikirtlandno,M,South Africa,Croatian,West Frisian,
pmcbradynp,F,Poland,Oriya,,
onettingnq,M,Mongolia,Hindi,Fijian,
ggiannininr,M,China,Estonian,,
bderochens,M,China,Afrikaans,Telugu,
tsargentnt,M,China,Gujarati,,
ctomasicchionu,M,Philippines,Tamil,Dari,
rbredburynv,M,China,Afrikaans,Georgian,
egheorghienw,M,Finland,Gagauz,,
bcagenx,M,Indonesia,Kurdish,Tok Pisin,
troony,F,Thailand,Dari,Assamese,
rwalteringnz,M,Philippines,Armenian,Hindi,
narmino0,F,Indonesia,Bosnian,Khmer,
ahollylando1,M,Philippines,New Zealand Sign Language,Nepali,
ckyberdo2,M,United States,Bosnian,Tamil,
wsucheo3,F,China,Aymara,,
kredwingo4,F,France,Albanian,Gujarati,
ahexumo5,M,Czech Republic,Korean,Portuguese,
hcrowno6,M,Peru,Northern Sotho,Yiddish,Mongolian
lscirmano7,M,Papua New Guinea,Korean,Lithuanian,
mstrawo8,M,Ukraine,Tok Pisin,Irish Gaelic,
geagleso9,M,Philippines,Tetum,Malay,Pashto
ebuttonoa,M,Greece,Estonian,Tswana,
klettleyob,M,Sweden,Swedish,Assamese,
ekordtoc,M,Guatemala,Punjabi,Kurdish,Hiri Motu
lflohardod,F,Serbia,Italian,,
cgilliardoe,F,South Africa,English,,
vneedof,F,Poland,Gagauz,Filipino,Kannada
hheckog,F,China,Armenian,,
kwateridgeoh,F,Indonesia,Finnish,Tajik,
kholliganoi,M,Indonesia,Danish,Pashto,
adungateoj,M,China,Finnish,Hindi,
cjeanessonok,M,Sri Lanka,Ndebele,,
tchellamol,M,Indonesia,Pashto,French,
zredittom,F,Uganda,Tok Pisin,Armenian,
hstickenson,M,Indonesia,Moldovan,Arabic,
rstorrieoo,F,Malaysia,Swahili,Guaran¡,French
dhastilowop,M,China,Ndebele,Belarusian,
jclearleyoq,F,Portugal,Hungarian,,
cjoynsonor,M,Denmark,Macedonian,Albanian,
epanonsos,F,Sweden,Ndebele,Swati,Irish Gaelic
cbezzantot,F,Indonesia,Sotho,,
jrabidgeou,M,Japan,Quechua,English,
samyesov,M,China,Kyrgyz,,
blivseyow,M,Brazil,Aymara,Macedonian,Danish
alawtherox,F,Sweden,Guaran¡,Azeri,
dgawenoy,M,Iran,Latvian,Greek,
cgarmonsoz,M,Belize,Oriya,Maori,Dzongkha
dbeisleyp0,F,Indonesia,Tok Pisin,Zulu,
gespinolap1,F,Czech Republic,Spanish,Tamil,Guaran¡
clydonp2,M,Israel,Croatian,Hindi,Tsonga
jodneyp3,F,Thailand,Bosnian,Amharic,Montenegrin
fkeeblep4,F,China,Nepali,Dzongkha,Punjabi
dstaddartp5,F,Poland,German,Tok Pisin,
cetchellsp6,F,Philippines,Greek,Marathi,
rdematteip7,F,Poland,Tsonga,West Frisian,
darnholdtp8,F,Nigeria,Hindi,Bosnian,
jfirthp9,F,China,Dutch,,
rmonckmanpa,F,China,Lithuanian,Kannada,
kwitcherleypb,F,Portugal,Swedish,Hiri Motu,
ycockrampc,F,Russia,Gujarati,Nepali,Maori
aashtonhurstpd,F,Uzbekistan,Assamese,,
hrapinettpe,M,Indonesia,Aymara,Bosnian,
bfassbindlerpf,F,China,Latvian,,
erainforthpg,M,China,Haitian Creole,,
jchoppenph,M,Dominica,Italian,Greek,French
tburberowpi,M,Peru,Arabic,Luxembourgish,Swahili
rpokerpj,F,France,Tswana,,
gbowmanpk,F,Uganda,Dutch,,
mdishmanpl,F,China,Ndebele,,
gricoaldpm,M,Georgia,Lao,Kashmiri,
bherculespn,M,Serbia,Danish,Korean,Tetum
bbettlestonepo,M,Indonesia,Kannada,Montenegrin,Czech
lfuxmanpp,M,Tanzania,Hiri Motu,Dutch,Kurdish
ebeazepq,F,Russia,Bengali,Pashto,
jlebondpr,M,Indonesia,Thai,,
khamertonps,M,Portugal,Quechua,Finnish,
gpetofipt,M,Argentina,Georgian,Swati,
chottonpu,M,Portugal,New Zealand Sign Language,Irish Gaelic,
rharrispv,M,Greece,Northern Sotho,Moldovan,
ljudepw,M,Russia,Khmer,Latvian,
mharmondpx,F,France,Pashto,,
dthompstonepy,F,Philippines,Swedish,,
dfoggartypz,F,Peru,Czech,Armenian,Hiri Motu
nrucklesseq0,F,Mexico,Swedish,,
jtowlq1,M,Indonesia,French,,
bburtwistleq2,F,China,Pashto,,
akorneichukq3,F,South Korea,Czech,Hindi,Kurdish
bbrotherheadq4,F,Laos,Moldovan,Sotho,Kannada
rroofeq5,M,China,Hebrew,Bislama,Amharic
hbirwhistleq6,M,China,Yiddish,Lithuanian,
rtomleyq7,M,Indonesia,Dari,,
utorricellaq8,F,United States,Tajik,Moldovan,
lbeminsterq9,F,Philippines,Bosnian,Kurdish,
dhorsleyqa,F,Bolivia,Mongolian,Hebrew,
tpalserqb,M,China,Armenian,,
tadshadqc,F,France,Georgian,,
scrootqd,F,Russia,Azeri,Kannada,
hsucreqe,F,Kazakhstan,English,Papiamento,
aadrienneqf,M,Ukraine,Kashmiri,,
jtatlockqg,M,Philippines,Swati,,
ppoundsfordqh,F,Tunisia,Telugu,Czech,
isimpkinqi,F,China,Luxembourgish,,
myushkovqj,M,Kenya,Swedish,,
groycroftqk,F,Bangladesh,Icelandic,,
rchiommientiql,F,Afghanistan,Greek,Haitian Creole,
mmackenzieqm,M,China,Swati,,
kbilbreyqn,F,Portugal,Zulu,Khmer,
ftyroneqo,F,Netherlands,Ndebele,Papiamento,
lcosansqp,M,Greece,Albanian,English,Fijian
searnshawqq,M,China,Fijian,,
bdilletqr,M,Czech Republic,Dhivehi,Czech,
istreetonqs,M,United States,Tsonga,,
rmatulaqt,F,Russia,New Zealand Sign Language,,
rblagdenqu,F,Russia,Yiddish,Aymara,Spanish
sgoodayqv,M,Kenya,Marathi,Estonian,
hsaundersonqw,F,Uruguay,Norwegian,Azeri,
jklammtqx,F,Tajikistan,Romanian,Haitian Creole,
ldederichqy,M,Sweden,Punjabi,German,
mmurielqz,F,Azerbaijan,Hindi,,
rrussir0,F,Czech Republic,Tajik,,
rsiggeryr1,M,Serbia,Kazakh,Northern Sotho,
igreatreaxr2,F,Indonesia,German,,
hbaalr3,M,Russia,Tajik,Indonesian,
egibbinsr4,M,Indonesia,Swahili,Irish Gaelic,
mdmisekr5,M,France,Burmese,Bislama,
aprendergrastr6,F,Reunion,Yiddish,Bengali,
jcarwardiner7,F,Portugal,Hungarian,Azeri,
ljedrzejkiewiczr8,F,France,English,Luxembourgish,
oburleighr9,M,Uzbekistan,German,,
benticknapra,F,Indonesia,Oriya,Latvian,
jkasbyerb,F,South Korea,German,,
swakesrc,F,Poland,Tajik,,
rsultanard,F,Brazil,Kannada,Georgian,
emacnairre,F,China,Estonian,New Zealand Sign Language,Assamese
cmcalinionrf,M,Argentina,Indonesian,Khmer,Czech
nblackbroughrg,F,China,Luxembourgish,New Zealand Sign Language,Northern Sotho
llowthianrh,M,China,Hungarian,Yiddish,Northern Sotho
bfallaweri,F,United States,Telugu,,
kgheraldirj,F,Venezuela,Polish,Gagauz,Arabic
glandrickrk,F,South Korea,Afrikaans,,
msangarrl,M,China,Lao,Bengali,
rdurrellrm,M,Vietnam,Swati,Tajik,
jnevittrn,F,Bulgaria,Albanian,,
kbiggsro,M,Argentina,Swati,Amharic,
egribbinsrp,M,Poland,Swati,Bislama,
dhartlandrq,M,Indonesia,Danish,Malagasy,Korean
cjerminrr,M,Ukraine,Malay,,
