rhylands0,M,Czech Republic,Montenegrin,,
nyaakov1,F,China,Punjabi,,
amurrow2,M,United States,Czech,,
ggye3,M,Poland,Azeri,Dari,
cbowra4,F,Indonesia,Hiri Motu,Irish Gaelic,
jsywell5,M,Indonesia,Telugu,,
djallin6,F,Ecuador,Lithuanian,Fijian,
fbettington7,F,Syria,Zulu,,
sjopke8,M,United States,Tajik,,
hteager9,M,Portugal,Korean,Nepali,Fijian
mfrenzela,F,Indonesia,Burmese,German,
flappineb,M,Czech Republic,Zulu,Polish,Swahili
bnesterc,F,Indonesia,New Zealand Sign Language,,
rhammerichd,F,China,Tsonga,Armenian,
grebillarde,F,Republic of the Congo,Hindi,,
rilewiczf,M,Peru,Hungarian,,
hprozillog,F,Greece,Catalan,Danish,Dzongkha
afeldbauh,M,China,Malay,,
mjakoubi,M,China,Dhivehi,Oriya,
rcarpj,F,China,Tswana,Icelandic,
ltearlek,F,China,Tamil,Finnish,
hlarventl,M,China,New Zealand Sign Language,German,
acushem,F,France,Burmese,Amharic,
tkleimtn,F,Brazil,Maltese,Telugu,
evischio,F,China,Greek,Irish Gaelic,
pkovelmannp,M,Poland,English,,
rfiorentinoq,F,Peru,Gagauz,,
aabelevitzr,F,Dominican Republic,Gagauz,Filipino,Portuguese
ptroughtons,M,Guatemala,Hiri Motu,,
apersset,F,China,Czech,Tajik,
ebatmanu,F,Brazil,Armenian,,
cvarnev,M,Philippines,Haitian Creole,,
hdahlenw,F,China,Oriya,,
sgatrellx,M,Philippines,Hebrew,,
bmarriony,M,China,Dzongkha,Arabic,West Frisian
obaxz,M,Indonesia,Telugu,Bulgarian,
lottiwill10,M,Russia,Lithuanian,,
nsherrott11,F,Peru,Thai,Estonian,Luxembourgish
theathorn12,F,Indonesia,Estonian,Albanian,
heaken13,F,Philippines,Finnish,Punjabi,
toclovan14,M,Azerbaijan,Hebrew,Dutch,
fgionettitti15,M,Philippines,Sotho,Lao,
jmashro16,M,Indonesia,Lithuanian,,
jmitchelhill17,M,Greece,Burmese,Albanian,
abanton18,M,China,Montenegrin,,
bgalton19,F,China,Luxembourgish,Malay,
bkilmurry1a,F,Indonesia,Italian,Polish,Burmese
twhooley1b,M,China,Chinese,,
arenfrew1c,M,Laos,Northern Sotho,Norwegian,
cheal1d,F,Japan,Dutch,,
cchurm1e,M,Poland,Telugu,Belarusian,
ymcgilben1f,M,Albania,Bulgarian,Malagasy,Irish Gaelic
znafziger1g,M,Brazil,Ndebele,Lao,
mkeller1h,F,Peru,Luxembourgish,Malagasy,
nperch1i,M,Poland,Kazakh,Khmer,
astolberg1j,M,Indonesia,Greek,Maltese,Kyrgyz
bjaulme1k,M,Tanzania,Tswana,,
sjehan1l,F,Czech Republic,Malayalam,Filipino,
omottershaw1m,F,Ukraine,Hungarian,,
cpennycook1n,M,Brazil,French,Bengali,
ebessent1o,F,Indonesia,New Zealand Sign Language,,
cbrendish1p,M,China,Bislama,Tamil,
blapidus1q,M,Czech Republic,Maori,,
dthyng1r,F,Kazakhstan,Bislama,,
ckupisz1s,M,Poland,Hindi,Kazakh,
agallico1t,F,China,Spanish,Indonesian,
dgelsthorpe1u,F,Haiti,Hungarian,Albanian,
mrennles1v,M,Albania,Montenegrin,Kazakh,
glangdale1w,F,Russia,Malagasy,Azeri,
swarbrick1x,F,China,Lithuanian,Burmese,
tragsdale1y,F,China,French,Bengali,Korean
troeby1z,M,Brazil,Gujarati,French,
flouth20,F,Greece,Tajik,Swati,
atschirschky21,F,Czech Republic,Belarusian,Dhivehi,
cheathfield22,M,China,Chinese,Arabic,
hsirmon23,M,China,Burmese,French,
krickett24,F,Portugal,Tsonga,Romanian,Ndebele
pswyre25,M,Denmark,Irish Gaelic,,
djilkes26,M,China,Dutch,Bulgarian,
lcholonin27,M,Philippines,Afrikaans,,
mpearse28,M,Thailand,Chinese,,
deast29,F,Poland,Marathi,New Zealand Sign Language,Pashto
tchantillon2a,M,Portugal,Amharic,,
mcabotto2b,F,Canada,Malayalam,,
nrummings2c,M,Philippines,Danish,Kyrgyz,
eings2d,F,China,Fijian,,
bvittel2e,F,Poland,Kazakh,Hiri Motu,
ljaniak2f,M,Russia,Tajik,,
gattenborough2g,F,Russia,Dari,Macedonian,
celcock2h,F,China,Bislama,,
habrahamoff2i,M,France,Albanian,Ndebele,
gderges2j,F,China,Icelandic,Malay,
egreensitt2k,F,Poland,Icelandic,Tajik,Kannada
mtichelaar2l,F,Russia,Telugu,Greek,Bosnian
geade2m,F,Russia,Quechua,,
mambrozewicz2n,F,Costa Rica,Tok Pisin,Kazakh,
cbickersteth2o,M,Philippines,Aymara,Latvian,
tharriagn2p,F,China,Maltese,Amharic,
bphilipson2q,F,France,Aymara,Telugu,
asawdy2r,F,France,Bengali,,
nliverseege2s,F,Ukraine,Bulgarian,Maori,Arabic
atessier2t,M,Indonesia,Hindi,Tetum,
gcouves2u,F,Kuwait,Hindi,,
ateek2v,M,Portugal,German,,
mlund2w,M,Sweden,Belarusian,Tetum,
aswarbrigg2x,M,China,Lao,Swedish,
lfilon2y,F,Russia,Swati,Luxembourgish,
hpllu2z,F,Sweden,Polish,Dari,Montenegrin
mtaggett30,F,Syria,Burmese,Mongolian,
lpoint31,F,Brazil,Tetum,Lithuanian,Hiri Motu
nleaton32,M,Philippines,West Frisian,,
cshadwick33,M,Indonesia,Kyrgyz,,
nmarquand34,F,Argentina,Greek,Montenegrin,Bengali
mrusson35,M,Indonesia,Malayalam,Nepali,
rwilmore36,M,Colombia,Somali,Polish,
geakly37,M,Poland,Italian,Swahili,
rcroysdale38,M,Nigeria,Kazakh,Malay,Pashto
rbreem39,F,Philippines,Chinese,Maltese,Bulgarian
rgarbutt3a,F,Poland,Icelandic,,
thawe3b,M,Philippines,Dzongkha,Bengali,New Zealand Sign Language
pmechic3c,F,Indonesia,Polish,Oriya,Afrikaans
mboots3d,M,Canada,Kazakh,Amharic,Moldovan
ggurden3e,M,United States,Sotho,Kannada,
vjose3f,M,Ghana,Japanese,Lithuanian,Somali
llorenc3g,F,Colombia,Khmer,Malayalam,
kjeste3h,F,Philippines,Bengali,Oriya,
crichings3i,M,China,Northern Sotho,Burmese,Somali
wpoore3j,M,United Arab Emirates,Gujarati,,
calbany3k,M,France,Maori,Macedonian,
vpetow3l,M,Canada,Filipino,Tajik,Bislama
kwharfe3m,F,Indonesia,Kannada,Swati,
gstruijs3n,M,Russia,Malayalam,Malay,
cillyes3o,F,Ivory Coast,Catalan,Dhivehi,
cjacox3p,M,China,German,Tok Pisin,
ofliege3q,M,Greece,Malagasy,Korean,
ajelley3r,M,Iran,Norwegian,,
wbaff3s,M,Bosnia and Herzegovina,Afrikaans,Swati,
llismer3t,F,China,Maltese,Fijian,
tnannoni3u,M,Canada,Afrikaans,Catalan,
wdudson3v,M,Japan,Croatian,Bengali,Tamil
rutridge3w,M,Colombia,Pashto,Bislama,
lmcclurg3x,M,Haiti,Sotho,Afrikaans,Quechua
fbattlestone3y,F,Tunisia,English,Tok Pisin,
iflatt3z,F,Georgia,Malay,,
ysockell40,M,Venezuela,Filipino,,
dlansberry41,F,Morocco,Belarusian,Dzongkha,Nepali
iingledew42,M,Philippines,Arabic,,
bchinnock43,M,Brazil,Albanian,Italian,
ckidby44,M,Philippines,Kurdish,Yiddish,Burmese
kfeake45,F,Indonesia,Bulgarian,,
rhaggeth46,M,Philippines,English,Northern Sotho,
hclausen47,M,Latvia,Tajik,,
mmulvin48,F,Greece,Marathi,Fijian,
gmarkwell49,F,Ukraine,Italian,Nepali,Dari
carmfirld4a,M,France,Malay,Burmese,
astellman4b,F,Indonesia,Tamil,Swati,
dtague4c,F,Germany,Dari,Korean,
kswoffer4d,M,Russia,Macedonian,,
odruery4e,M,Canada,Montenegrin,Swati,Bislama
astonebanks4f,F,Indonesia,Latvian,Khmer,Hungarian
amerington4g,M,Hungary,English,Oriya,
fedgson4h,M,Brazil,Arabic,Spanish,Maori
cvesco4i,F,Myanmar,German,Dhivehi,
mcloney4j,M,Indonesia,Armenian,Tok Pisin,
mfancutt4k,F,Uruguay,Punjabi,Bulgarian,Norwegian
kjaram4l,F,Philippines,Estonian,Tswana,
caburrow4m,M,China,Zulu,Fijian,
osaintepaul4n,M,Brazil,Oriya,Bulgarian,
lkift4o,M,China,Luxembourgish,,
rbubbings4p,F,Portugal,Afrikaans,Tetum,Marathi
smartugin4q,F,China,Tetum,,
mbenger4r,M,France,Malay,Catalan,
kraveau4s,M,China,Zulu,Dari,
hhuglin4t,M,Indonesia,Yiddish,Dutch,
fmcvie4u,F,Portugal,Kazakh,English,
msherrocks4v,F,Peru,Lithuanian,Chinese,
dmacrannell4w,F,Cuba,Dari,Azeri,
abaldassi4x,M,Greece,Malayalam,,
lbirds4y,F,China,Afrikaans,Thai,Pashto
plucio4z,F,China,Belarusian,Marathi,
landrag50,M,Philippines,Tok Pisin,Italian,Finnish
tbaden51,M,Kenya,English,Chinese,
bchristal52,M,China,Amharic,,
cdurbridge53,F,Poland,Assamese,New Zealand Sign Language,Kazakh
egoley54,F,Micronesia,Mongolian,Latvian,
stowe55,F,Indonesia,Sotho,,
gpedrollo56,M,Tanzania,Filipino,Irish Gaelic,Tajik
afolks57,F,China,Swati,,
hpoundsford58,F,Indonesia,Hebrew,,
gferrieres59,M,Portugal,Punjabi,Montenegrin,
cleagas5a,M,Russia,Tetum,,
bharder5b,F,China,Korean,Polish,
bdeane5c,M,Japan,Belarusian,Dzongkha,
pweightman5d,F,China,Estonian,Kannada,Azeri
ggreedy5e,F,Indonesia,German,Kyrgyz,
efenkel5f,F,Tunisia,Ndebele,,
msedge5g,M,Spain,Belarusian,Finnish,
iscranedge5h,F,China,Albanian,Finnish,Croatian
dtinkler5i,M,Afghanistan,Dari,,
clebosse5j,M,China,Haitian Creole,,
fkuhndel5k,F,Thailand,Tok Pisin,,
bmacclay5l,F,Russia,Tsonga,,
rgoulter5m,M,China,Malagasy,,
tescritt5n,M,Kenya,Kurdish,Hindi,
edurnall5o,M,Czech Republic,Swati,Persian,
kbelford5p,M,China,Telugu,Luxembourgish,Estonian
eworsley5q,M,China,English,,
orolls5r,M,China,Kyrgyz,Yiddish,
dsineath5s,M,Philippines,Hungarian,,
mjeandot5t,M,Indonesia,Dzongkha,Armenian,
mmatschke5u,F,Cape Verde,Punjabi,,
asueter5v,M,France,Lao,West Frisian,
hwaslin5w,F,China,Oriya,Gujarati,
clauchlan5x,F,China,Albanian,Nepali,English
mreynold5y,M,Colombia,Albanian,,
esteffens5z,M,Colombia,Guaran¡,,
eduigenan60,M,France,Papiamento,Hebrew,
asponer61,F,Tanzania,Hiri Motu,Tetum,New Zealand Sign Language
cantonsson62,F,Indonesia,Estonian,,
scorah63,F,Czech Republic,Croatian,,
ncassels64,F,China,Swedish,Sotho,
hbandey65,F,Brazil,Arabic,Maori,
wgowans66,F,France,Icelandic,Hungarian,
ttatam67,F,Indonesia,Hungarian,Lao,
rswyre68,F,Ukraine,Kannada,,
npalatini69,M,China,Spanish,Catalan,
omoakson6a,F,Pakistan,Gagauz,Maori,
rschimonek6b,F,Indonesia,Hebrew,,
ywiggington6c,F,Ireland,Sotho,,
zmacculloch6d,F,China,Croatian,Guaran¡,
bburgh6e,F,Colombia,Romanian,Dutch,
dobert6f,M,Zambia,Catalan,Azeri,
mdedenham6g,M,Mexico,Icelandic,Greek,Afrikaans
smcgiveen6h,F,Russia,Punjabi,,
lfilyaev6i,M,Greece,Moldovan,,
tbroxap6j,M,Croatia,Afrikaans,Hungarian,
ftreagus6k,M,Indonesia,Luxembourgish,Hindi,
dhartzenberg6l,F,Luxembourg,Swedish,,
tpettyfer6m,M,Sweden,Papiamento,Bislama,Macedonian
dartus6n,M,Russia,Armenian,,
dpillans6o,F,Argentina,Bulgarian,,
tornillos6p,M,Indonesia,Finnish,Ndebele,
elongstaffe6q,M,Colombia,Swati,,
llangthorne6r,F,Philippines,Punjabi,Dhivehi,
cgodspeede6s,F,Morocco,Maltese,Bosnian,Kannada
mjindracek6t,F,China,Zulu,Kurdish,
ibiggin6u,F,China,Sotho,Oriya,
gcurnow6v,F,Russia,Armenian,Albanian,
woris6w,M,Philippines,Hebrew,Georgian,
bricardou6x,M,Belarus,Aymara,Malagasy,
iradley6y,F,Philippines,Hindi,,
ltrahear6z,M,China,Tamil,Bosnian,
ldowning70,F,Thailand,Spanish,Montenegrin,
hcromarty71,M,Russia,Marathi,Korean,
fbickley72,F,China,Guaran¡,Ndebele,
ysturt73,F,South Korea,Spanish,,
ushoubridge74,M,Russia,Hebrew,Czech,Portuguese
sscholz75,M,North Korea,Quechua,Tetum,Albanian
srivers76,F,Dominican Republic,Chinese,Tswana,
wbaiden77,F,Honduras,Burmese,,
cwarrell78,F,China,Hiri Motu,Northern Sotho,
lbouch79,F,Indonesia,Danish,French,
cbertomier7a,F,Niger,Kashmiri,Assamese,
ekulicke7b,M,Russia,Amharic,,
tboothby7c,M,China,Spanish,Sotho,
byitshak7d,F,Argentina,Greek,,
nowers7e,M,Ukraine,Japanese,Bulgarian,Estonian
edevorill7f,F,China,Punjabi,Gagauz,
chaysham7g,M,China,Sotho,Arabic,
jgayter7h,M,China,Dutch,Croatian,Kurdish
khynam7i,M,Sweden,Dutch,Bengali,Guaran¡
aebdon7j,M,Czech Republic,Pashto,Estonian,
mmundford7k,M,Venezuela,Spanish,Swahili,
dtrengrove7l,M,United States,Tamil,New Zealand Sign Language,Bengali
dcasotti7m,F,Russia,Telugu,,
eshales7n,M,Canada,Maltese,,
jetherson7o,M,China,Greek,Aymara,
ewolfindale7p,F,South Africa,French,Gagauz,Korean
brounding7q,M,France,Italian,Haitian Creole,
aguttridge7r,F,Indonesia,Bislama,,
afelten7s,F,Sierra Leone,Portuguese,Dhivehi,
dlarkin7t,F,China,Lithuanian,Croatian,
kroderighi7u,F,China,Dutch,Azeri,
cmatula7v,M,Ukraine,Pashto,Swahili,
etapner7w,M,China,Malagasy,,
kbaptiste7x,M,China,Polish,Tswana,Thai
dgreaterex7y,M,China,Macedonian,,
kvanshin7z,M,Indonesia,Somali,,
hjanuszewski80,F,Oman,Burmese,Zulu,
smellers81,F,Colombia,Armenian,Ndebele,
erodder82,F,Guatemala,Arabic,Oriya,Bosnian
rarlet83,F,China,Gujarati,,
aabden84,F,China,Persian,,
hcharer85,F,Indonesia,Persian,Italian,
ascain86,M,Indonesia,Hungarian,Aymara,
sdog87,F,Tunisia,Aymara,,
dwoodfine88,M,Indonesia,German,Tsonga,
mgarnsey89,M,Poland,Croatian,Lithuanian,
asercombe8a,F,Iran,Finnish,,
ghatry8b,F,Bosnia and Herzegovina,Indonesian,West Frisian,Danish
dsaill8c,F,Indonesia,Japanese,,
aregelous8d,M,Lithuania,Oriya,Punjabi,Thai
eatyea8e,F,Myanmar,English,Yiddish,Dzongkha
rlympenie8f,F,China,Malayalam,,
rquinnet8g,F,China,Croatian,,
jlinklater8h,F,Democratic Republic of the Congo,Kyrgyz,New Zealand Sign Language,
mnaismith8i,F,Colombia,Korean,Khmer,
tfahey8j,F,United States,Mongolian,,
idiloway8k,F,Brazil,Hiri Motu,,
bpossell8l,M,China,Montenegrin,Maori,
fvescovo8m,M,Norway,Hiri Motu,,
hsmithe8n,F,Argentina,French,Kurdish,Yiddish
ahatto8o,F,China,Persian,English,
tdzeniskevich8p,M,Philippines,Malagasy,English,Gujarati
doxlee8q,M,France,Tswana,,
chardway8r,F,Yemen,Kashmiri,Ndebele,
omollison8s,M,China,Kannada,Catalan,Latvian
rfarndon8t,F,China,Kurdish,,
dhouchen8u,M,Portugal,Swedish,,
cmackeig8v,M,China,Tsonga,Bislama,
rdommett8w,F,Israel,Croatian,,
tabatelli8x,M,Martinique,Spanish,Norwegian,
nwinwood8y,F,Russia,Telugu,,
lmbarron8z,F,Bosnia and Herzegovina,Georgian,Lao,
ifitchet90,F,United States,Tajik,Filipino,
lshaxby91,F,Greece,Chinese,Swedish,
gwalch92,F,Thailand,Kyrgyz,,
ncowtherd93,F,Nauru,Hiri Motu,,
vdavidowich94,F,Czech Republic,Swedish,Tetum,Irish Gaelic
vslight95,F,Iraq,Maori,Estonian,
glensch96,M,Greece,Lithuanian,Dari,
ssidary97,M,Russia,Polish,Italian,Fijian
akybird98,M,Greece,Luxembourgish,Dutch,Kyrgyz
ncaldaro99,M,Indonesia,Moldovan,Armenian,
akehir9a,F,Indonesia,Dzongkha,Kannada,
lcowling9b,M,Iran,Danish,Korean,Pashto
paistrop9c,F,China,Czech,Catalan,Thai
awinfindale9d,M,Portugal,Dhivehi,Arabic,Croatian
fgrombridge9e,M,Finland,Japanese,,
lnicol9f,F,Ecuador,Chinese,Punjabi,Maori
lberringer9g,M,Thailand,Hiri Motu,Maori,Assamese
ncund9h,M,China,Luxembourgish,Malay,
omagarrell9i,F,Indonesia,Luxembourgish,,
esambiedge9j,F,Argentina,Tsonga,Lao,Dhivehi
ttomaini9k,M,Argentina,French,Afrikaans,
aprudence9l,F,Indonesia,Papiamento,Irish Gaelic,Malagasy
ndun9m,M,Portugal,Indonesian,Romanian,Hindi
vplinck9n,F,Philippines,Burmese,Bosnian,
ksunshine9o,F,China,Assamese,Korean,
settridge9p,F,Yemen,Lithuanian,Kannada,Hindi
ijubb9q,F,China,Danish,,
emcnea9r,F,China,Dhivehi,Icelandic,
ewisher9s,M,Czech Republic,Afrikaans,Malay,Portuguese
mpedrazzi9t,M,China,French,Oriya,
cmattia9u,F,Belarus,Khmer,Quechua,Northern Sotho
amulleary9v,F,United States,Fijian,Dzongkha,
ddrews9w,M,Guadeloupe,Fijian,Somali,
bcage9x,M,China,Armenian,Lithuanian,Indonesian
idugmore9y,F,Finland,Kashmiri,Belarusian,
rgriffoen9z,M,China,Montenegrin,,
kdowa0,M,Argentina,Bislama,New Zealand Sign Language,Tajik
idrana1,F,Peru,Danish,,
tollina2,M,Portugal,Swati,Gujarati,
omarcussena3,F,Germany,Hindi,Croatian,
jbalnavesa4,F,Sweden,Kyrgyz,Guaran¡,
lhaddestona5,M,Portugal,Catalan,,
qmccrachena6,M,Indonesia,Estonian,Norwegian,
nripinga7,F,Estonia,Spanish,,
mbingella8,F,Indonesia,Assamese,,
ajervisa9,F,Poland,Belarusian,Italian,
afalkousaa,M,Netherlands,Albanian,Georgian,Chinese
gknokab,M,Indonesia,Lao,Yiddish,
meplettac,M,Malaysia,Papiamento,,
sstormonthad,F,Indonesia,Assamese,Hebrew,
pbricknallae,F,China,Arabic,,
cabelevitzaf,F,Indonesia,Dutch,Dari,
jphillipsag,F,United States,Luxembourgish,Dari,Guaran¡
acollimoreah,M,China,Guaran¡,Indonesian,Croatian
amacmeekanai,F,Mexico,Kyrgyz,Thai,
eeavesaj,M,China,Tajik,Maltese,
cmclennanak,F,China,Assamese,Somali,
ldulakeal,M,United States,Kannada,,
jgatchellam,F,Colombia,Swedish,Bosnian,Kazakh
houldan,M,France,Swahili,Albanian,Telugu
kmalterao,F,Philippines,Haitian Creole,Portuguese,
cforreap,M,Philippines,Malayalam,Tajik,Persian
ploweraq,F,Nigeria,Papiamento,,
mcrottyar,M,Portugal,Tsonga,,
mtebbuttas,M,Poland,West Frisian,Sotho,
sdomoniat,F,China,Bengali,,
eashurstau,F,Ukraine,Arabic,Sotho,
fankrettav,M,Mexico,Dutch,,
abixleyaw,M,Nigeria,Hebrew,Haitian Creole,Tetum
meadmeadesax,F,Peru,Sotho,Yiddish,
druggeay,F,Honduras,Tswana,Marathi,
csolleyaz,F,Sweden,Amharic,New Zealand Sign Language,
isebbornb0,M,Philippines,Lao,Ndebele,
fambrodib1,F,Syria,Tsonga,,
vbassilashvilib2,F,United States,Italian,Armenian,Japanese
rbillhamb3,M,Honduras,Thai,Haitian Creole,Greek
gtremaineb4,M,United States,Khmer,Tsonga,Burmese
skeeseb5,F,China,Hiri Motu,Afrikaans,
hdowningb6,F,Guatemala,Oriya,Polish,
mlangeb7,F,United Kingdom,Portuguese,,
wbriantb8,M,Peru,Hiri Motu,,
strittenb9,M,Argentina,Macedonian,Arabic,
dbricknallba,F,Mexico,Finnish,,
ldearlbb,M,Philippines,Somali,,
rdannelbc,M,United States,New Zealand Sign Language,Punjabi,
jwinksbd,M,Morocco,Khmer,Romanian,
nringwoodbe,M,Indonesia,Somali,Khmer,Amharic
astrangwoodbf,F,Sweden,Kurdish,,
ehockellbg,F,Philippines,Danish,Kannada,
hagnewbh,M,Bulgaria,Tswana,Norwegian,Hebrew
fvernerbi,M,Japan,French,,
rflahivebj,F,Argentina,Georgian,,
ucuerdallbk,F,Tanzania,Lao,Persian,
slebandbl,F,Poland,Telugu,,
tturfordbm,F,Belarus,Quechua,Lithuanian,
bcammisbn,F,China,Hebrew,Belarusian,Finnish
ealeksandrovbo,F,Philippines,Croatian,Mongolian,Kazakh
hcornickbp,F,Philippines,Assamese,Polish,
aplosebq,M,Poland,Portuguese,Belarusian,Bislama
lcunniffbr,F,Morocco,Lao,Amharic,Arabic
cdaudraybs,M,Sweden,Yiddish,Persian,
dedessbt,F,Bangladesh,Hindi,English,
ereadittbu,F,Philippines,Pashto,,
nwhitwambv,M,Thailand,Kannada,Kashmiri,English
tboscherbw,M,Russia,Papiamento,Punjabi,
hcroasdalebx,F,Mexico,Malayalam,Bislama,
lbremeyerby,M,Nigeria,Dhivehi,Arabic,
ifullbrookbz,M,Saint Helena,Dari,,
dsollittc0,M,China,Latvian,Croatian,
afedoronkoc1,F,China,Italian,,
mphillipsonc2,M,Brazil,Norwegian,Luxembourgish,Hiri Motu
bmarquandc3,M,Russia,Chinese,Spanish,
gspykinsc4,F,China,Finnish,Oriya,
pbrisc5,M,United States,Aymara,Kyrgyz,Malayalam
cbebbingtonc6,F,China,Bulgarian,Moldovan,
dchappelowc7,F,Czech Republic,Hiri Motu,Japanese,
cthomsenc8,F,Zimbabwe,Yiddish,Filipino,Latvian
gsindallc9,F,Uzbekistan,Aymara,Dzongkha,
ohrusca,M,Indonesia,Amharic,Bengali,
hetchescb,M,France,Albanian,,
durvoycc,F,China,Danish,Hiri Motu,
chuggardcd,M,Greece,Marathi,Somali,
bdebischofce,M,Poland,Estonian,Bislama,
cpietzkecf,F,Cyprus,Maori,Malayalam,
jhazelgreavecg,M,China,Guaran¡,Oriya,Lithuanian
mmassych,M,China,Malayalam,Danish,Croatian
nfenbyci,M,Colombia,Czech,Polish,
wrobeconcj,F,China,Haitian Creole,,
nallawayck,M,Mongolia,German,,
hgeerlingcl,F,China,Swahili,,
msugarmancm,M,Ukraine,Japanese,New Zealand Sign Language,
trothoncn,F,Netherlands,Georgian,Belarusian,
cconnerryco,M,China,Gujarati,Swahili,
slergancp,M,China,Dari,Guaran¡,Malayalam
tabarrowcq,F,Japan,Montenegrin,Punjabi,Tswana
cgreasleycr,M,Kosovo,Kurdish,Belarusian,
cjinkinscs,F,Indonesia,Afrikaans,Luxembourgish,
bthirlawayct,F,Iran,Swati,Kyrgyz,
wglowackicu,M,Philippines,Icelandic,Bosnian,
loakwoodcv,F,Guatemala,German,Dzongkha,
bgibbinscw,F,China,Chinese,Quechua,
bpenyltoncx,F,Indonesia,Dzongkha,,
fpedroncy,F,Germany,Dzongkha,Swedish,Ndebele
dziemencz,F,Russia,New Zealand Sign Language,Chinese,Swedish
mwettond0,M,Mexico,Croatian,Amharic,
blemonbyd1,F,China,Portuguese,Korean,
bincognad2,M,Portugal,Montenegrin,Northern Sotho,
lascraftd3,F,Portugal,Khmer,Kashmiri,
emckintyd4,M,Russia,Kazakh,,
zprogerd5,F,Israel,Hiri Motu,,
ckerswilld6,F,Russia,Tsonga,Bosnian,
icatherined7,F,Ukraine,Afrikaans,,
rradouxd8,M,Vietnam,Kazakh,Aymara,Afrikaans
ddarnbrookd9,M,China,Guaran¡,Dzongkha,
khalleda,M,France,Danish,Gagauz,
sviledb,M,Mozambique,English,,
nladendc,M,Serbia,Georgian,Haitian Creole,
pscarisbrickdd,M,China,Bosnian,Amharic,Swati
aluetkemeyersde,F,Peru,Papiamento,Estonian,Kashmiri
aghelardonidf,F,Portugal,Assamese,Amharic,Japanese
gyukhovdg,F,Colombia,Dzongkha,Gujarati,Dutch
pcrowedh,M,Albania,Dhivehi,Afrikaans,Kazakh
ebowdlerdi,F,Poland,English,Hiri Motu,
cfranzdj,F,China,Dutch,Romanian,
ibassetdk,F,Russia,Greek,,
mivasyushkindl,F,Japan,Bengali,,
bgarshoredm,F,China,Norwegian,Nepali,Telugu
gstrowandn,F,Portugal,Montenegrin,Filipino,Lithuanian
vkingscotedo,F,China,Azeri,Malagasy,West Frisian
lpagendp,M,Indonesia,Dari,,
cscattergooddq,M,Ecuador,Pashto,,
jruberrydr,F,China,Maori,Swati,
cchinneryds,M,China,Marathi,Northern Sotho,
jwhardleydt,M,Iraq,Montenegrin,,
bhorsewooddu,F,United States,Tswana,,
spayledv,F,China,Maltese,Tsonga,
